### Questions
1. The asynchronous nature of JavaScript may cause developers to think its a pain point because it is much harder to think about code when its not run sequentially. Its as if the lines in one's IDE are jumbled and so it may lead to added confusion. Loose typing may be a pain point because instead of an error occuring, one's code may run incorrectly without the developer being able to pinpoint the exact position of the error. This makes debugging much more challenging. Finally, the web platform that the JavaScript runs on may cause a pain point because different platforms run different JavaScript engines that may have slight variances. This means that JavaScript that runs correctly on one browser may have an unintended output on another browser.
2. I think that JavaScript was created as a loosely typed language to make it more simpler and lightweight. This may in turn cause files to be smaller which leads to quickly run webpages. I believe that JavaScript has asynchonous features because it is a user-driven language that heavily relies on user inputs. The asynchronous ability of the language allows webpages to function.
3. The key difference between a compiled language and an interpreted one is that compiled languages are fully compiled prior to runtime while interpreted language are ran line by line. This means that errors can only be caught once the program has ran in interpreted languages whereas errors are caught during compile in compiled languages. JavaScript is an interpreted language. The benefit to JavaScript being an interpreted language is that it is more universal than compiled languages because there is no need for a compiler. The drawback JavaScript is that its runtime is slower than compiled languages because each line has to be parsed, checked, and ran as opposed to being compiled seperately.
4. We are focusing on vanilla JS before learning about frameworks because many students have never used JS before prior to this class. It is important to build a strong foundation of JS before experimenting with frameworks so one understand what is happening. The drawbacks to not learning a framework is that in the real world, most projects use more than vanilla JS. This means that we are not learning how to build fully functional projects yet.
5. The lab relates to the project because our project will use JavaScript so it is important to build a baseline of how it works. There are many quirks to JS that are not present in other programming languages: loosely typing, asynchronous running, and variables. This information can be used in the project when we are adding functionally to webpage. It will allow the user to interact with the page and make changes.
